[Storage] Remove prefix '?' of the created SAS token (#22993)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/Storage/Storage.Management/ChangeLog.md

* Supported creationTime filter in Blob Inventory
    - `New-AzStorageBlobInventoryPolicyRule`
* Upgraded Azure.Core to 1.35.0.

> * Remove prefix '?' of the created SAS token

Reviewer: use "Removed", thanks

> * Remove prefix '?' of the created SAS token

Reviewer: please add [Breaking Change] 
```suggestion
* [Breaking Change] Removed prefix '?' of the created SAS token
```
